Update bi migration tool docs (#135)
wso2/docs-ballerina-integrator: en/docs/developer-guides/tools/migration-tools/tibco-businessworks-migration-tool.md

# TIBCO BusinessWorks Migration Tool

This guide explains how to use the integrated migration feature in WSO2 Integrator: BI to convert [TIBCO BusinessWorks](https://docs.tibco.com/products/tibco-activematrix-businessworks) integrations into Ballerina packages.

> ## Tool overview

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Overview
```

> The migration tool is now integrated directly into the WSO2 Integrator: BI, providing a user-friendly wizard interface for converting TIBCO BusinessWorks projects. The tool accepts either a BusinessWorks project directory or a standalone process file as input and generates equivalent Ballerina packages that can be opened directly in WSO2 Integrator: BI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This migration support is directly integrated into the WSO2 Integrator: BI, providing a user-friendly wizard interface for converting TIBCO BusinessWorks projects. The tool accepts either a BusinessWorks project directory or a standalone process file as input and, generates equivalent Ballerina packages that can be opened directly in WSO2 Integrator: BI.
```
